(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The summer
has come again this year.
The summer has come again this year.
A big wave is coming.
A big chest is coming.
The summer has come again this year.
A big wave is coming.
A big butt is coming.
A big chest is coming.
A new day has come from the sky.
The weather is good.
Something good will happen on a day like
this.
It's quiet.
It's too quiet.
That means...
I'm going to be late again.
I have a sudden job.
I came two hours before my work hours.
I've been like this for a long
time.
We were talking about whether it would rain.
I'm very impressed right now.
I've been a police officer for 30
years.
I've never been so happy.
Mr. Vice President.
You don't have to be so impressed.
Ryo-tsu has finally w
oken up to his job.
All the hard work so far has been
rewarded.
All right, it's done.
You're great, Ryo-tsu.
I thought you'd do it someday.
By the way, what document were you writing?
What document?
I don't like it.
Did you forget, Mr. Vice President?
Didn't I tell you yesterday?
I told you to submit a pile of
paperwork.
P-Paperwork?
I wrote it all down.
The fire has stopped.
You idiot!
Fireball!
How dare you!
Mr. Vice President, are you all right?
I'm sorry, but I need medicine.
Yes, sir.
Are you drinking too much, Mr. Vice President?
You're getting old.
You have to drink moderately.
What did you say?
It's all your fault!
Mr. Vice President, calm down.
If you get too angry, you'll
lose your temper.
I had such a useless subordinate, but
I had no choice but to give up.
I remembered as a subordinate.
Is Nakagawa still not here?
Mr. Nakagawa?
He's a newcomer who's going
to come to this dispatch office today.
What kind of guy is he?
Oh, he's pretty handsome.
He was raised in New York until he
was 16.
I see.
He's the same age as you, Re
iko.
Yes.
His car has a permanent license.
He also has a boat and an airplane
license.
He's also athletic and good at martial
arts.
He's so good at shooting that he
can blow the head of a needle a
kilometer away.
Who is this Nakagawa guy?
He's the benefactor of the Nak
agawa Foundation.
The Nakagawa Foundation?
Is it the Nakagawa Foundation, which
is one of the top five foundations in
the world?
That's right.
What is that Nakagawa Foundation?
Is it a financial institution?
It's not a financial institution, it's
a foundation.
It's a conglomerate.
Oh, it's a conglomerate.
Oops.
No, it's not.
Reiko.
Don't talk to such a fool.
You're going to hurt your ears like
me.
Yes.
There's no way I'm going to
give you such a hard job as a
police officer.
I'm the one who doesn't
say goodbye right away.
So, Ryotsu.
Don't let that happen.
You're going to be Nakagawa
Shido.
What?
All right, now.
What do you think?
It's amazing, isn't it?
It's the combat rescue type of the
US military helicopter Black Hawk.
Akira.
I'm tired.
Is that what you were doing yesterday when
you skipped work?
Well, well.
If the president finds out, he'll definitely
be on the lookout.
Let's see.
That's strange.
What the hell is a strop?
What's with that locker?
That's right.
I remember!
Oh, when did you get such a hidden
bag?
What's that?
Huh?
You didn't know?
It's completely made private.
Good, good.
There you go.
Good boy.
Anyway, why did you make it like this?
You could have used this passion for your
job.
You always use it, don't you?
Sorry, sorry.
Ryo?
What's going on?
Are you all right, Ryo?
I thought I was going to die.
By the way, where's the helicopter?
Helicopter?
Huh?
It flew away.
What?
I paid 30,000 yen for it!
I'll get it fixed when it's
gone.
I'm not kidding.
It's Ryo's fault, isn't
it?
Damn it.
Where did it go?
Oh, it's an excellent helicopter.
It brought a friend with it.
Damn it!
How dare you take my helicopter!
Ryo!
What's going on?
The helicopter's heading this way.
What?
What's that?
Damn it!
Who the hell are you?
It's a nuclear bomb!
Yahoo!
I'm sorry I'm late.
I'm Keiichi Nakagawa.
I'll be working at this launch site
from today.
Nice to meet you.
How dare you take my helicopter!
Oh!
It's a Walser MPL
submachine gun!
Do you recognize it?
I'm so happy.
By the way, this is the gun.
Oh!
It's the same one as Dirty
Harry!
That movie was amazing, wasn't it?
Yeah, that movie.
Oh, if you don't mind, I'd
like to apologize for destroying your helicopter.
Really?
I'm sorry about that.
Not at all.
We still have a lot of them at
home.
Would you like to come and see them
next time?
Yeah, I'd love to.
You idiot!
What the hell are you thinking?
I'm going to sue you!
So, you don't like this one either?
Of course I do.
Terai, go get him.
Yes, sir.
It's getting dark again.
I'm going to see a doctor, Re
iko.
I'll leave the rest to you.
You're a pretty good-looking guy.
I'm Ryotsu.
Nice to meet you.
Oh!
You're that super famous Ryotsu?
Nice to meet you, too.
You two look like mischievous kids.
You look pretty happy, though.
Huh?
That helicopter's for the police?
You're pretty rich for a konjac
shop.
A konjac shop?
By the way, why did you become a
police officer, Mr. Nakagawa?
Well...
I lived in New York for a long
time, where there was a lot of crime.
I've always wanted to be a police
officer, And you're wearing a pretty flashy
uniform.
Huh?
Yeah.
I think it's more of a problem
than a gun.
Is that so?
Japanese police uniforms aren't very good, so
I made an order in Armani.
I think it was about a million yen.
A million yen?
I don't think you'd spend that
kind of money on a plain uniform.
I don't think you'd spend 300,
000 yen on a radio.
Let's do it together.
Yes, yes.
But you know what?
I haven't been to the shop lately,
but you've been working hard to get
that uniform.
Well, I was told I couldn't do
it, but I changed my clothes
on the helicopter.
You did that?
Well...
I'm sure the boss will be surprised.
I'm going on a patrol.
Yo-chan, be sure to tell Mr.
Nakagawa.
See you later.
So, what should I do?
I'll tell you.
You're in charge of education, aren't
you?
I'm going on a patrol, too.
Hey!
Oh, man.
Um, I...
Huh?
Stand up and show me the way.
Yes, sir.
Oh, are you a police officer?
Yes, I am.
Oh, that's great.
I'd like to ask you for directions.
Yes, I'd love to.
Senpai, wake up, Senpai.
What is it?
You were sleeping so well.
I was asked for directions, but I don
't know anything about this area.
Huh?
Show me the map and make me look
for it.
He's an old man who's been
back in Japan for 50 years, and he
says he doesn't know where this is.
Damn it.
I guess I have no choice.
So, where do you want to go?
To a restaurant.
What kind of restaurant?
I forgot the name of the restaurant, but
I have a clue.
Huh?
It's a restaurant like this.
Oh, but it's a terrible picture.
Did you draw it?
When I was a student, it was more
than 50 years ago.
Huh?
50 years ago?
So, what's the address of the restaurant?
It's in downtown Tokyo.
That's all?
Yes.
No, no.
Downtown is a big city.
There's no way he'd know.
Give it up.
I can't do that.
After all, it's my first job.
Do whatever you want.
If you let me look for it, I
'd like to thank you.
What?
Why didn't you tell me?
Let's hear the details later.
Hey, Nakagawa.
Order coffee and cake at the cafeter
ia.
Huh?
Hurry up and go.
Yes, sir.
I see.
When I was a student, I went
to that restaurant several times.
What's that?
It's Tokyo Art University now.
It was a lunch break, so it was
always crowded.
Huh?
Does that mean it's close to the
art university?
Yes.
I think it was about 15 minutes walk.
If it's the art university, it's
in the upper area.
Hmm.
Huh?
If you don't mind, have this.
Sorry.
All right.
Let's look for it around midnight.
Um...
Huh?
Can we find it in about two hours?
If it's in the upper area, it
'll take 20 to 30 minutes by car,
so it'll be fine.
Actually, it's the first time I've
ever been on a plane, so I have
to go back to Paris.
Hmm.
If it's in the upper area, it
'll take about an hour by express train,
so it'll be fine.
Nakagawa, get a taxi.
Then I'll call you in my car
right away.
Oh, it's me.
Bring the car to the dispatch office right
away.
Yes.
Um...
If you don't mind, I'd like
to have a drink, too.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, here it is.
Oh!
Ferrari F40, isn't it?
Here you go.
But this is for two people, isn't
it?
It's modified for four people, so it
's okay.
Now, get in.
Huh?
Reiko, you're in the right place.
Ryo-chan!
It's a lifesaver.
I'm counting on you.
Huh?
See you!
Oh!
I think I saw him somewhere.
Damn it!
When I don't have time...
Hey, Nakagawa, turn there.
I can't, senpai.
It's the exit to the one-
way street.
You idiot!
Don't you want to grant the wis
h of a good old man?
Oh, come on.
I'll go backwards.
That's no problem.
No way.
I got it.
Senpai, let's go in one go.
Why are you going that far?
You idiot!
I don't know.
Ryo-chan's base!
I did it in one go!
It's nice to ride in such a
super bubbly car.
This isn't the time to be impressed.
This time, it's Taro.
Senpai, what should we do?
When you're busy...
Come on!
Show him how amazing Ferrari is!
Yes, sir!
He's too fast.
Ryo-chan's base again.
I'm going to beat him this time!
Turn right at that corner.
Turn left after that.
Yes, sir!
I've been playing around here since I
was a kid.
It's like a garden.
Even if it's a shortcut, we can
't go any further.
You idiot!
It's your first job, isn't it?
Once you've been assigned a mission, you
'll be able to do it no matter
what happens.
You'll be able to do it no
matter what happens.
Senpai...
I was wrong.
All right!
Hey, the road's getting narrower.
Don't worry!
I can get through!
I've been here a few times.
I'm not a cyclist.
Here we go!
I knew you could do it, Senpai!
Oh...
Huh?
This is...
C-Could you stop for a moment?
How nostalgic...
I've lived in Paris for decades, but
recently I've been thinking a lot about
Japan.
That was when I was a student at
Yumeoki Art School.
When I was a student...
I was surrounded by good friends and drew
pictures all day long.
Ueno is a forest of art.
I walked to the museum every day and
exchanged artistic thoughts with my friends.
At that time, I fell in love at
first sight with the girl at the cafe
teria that my friend took me to.
It was my first love.
That's the cafeteria in that
picture, right?
When was it?
I think it was close to my graduation,
but it was when I caught a cold
and went to bed.
She came to my house and took care
of me.
When I recovered from my cold, I thought
of thanking her, but at that time I
was poor and didn't have the money
to give her the present I asked for
yesterday.
So I drew her portrait with all my
heart.
And I gave her the picture.
The happy face of that girl at that
time is still etched in my eyes.
So what happened to that girl?
At the same time as I graduated, I
went to study in Paris.
I didn't even say I liked it.
It was a long time ago.
Old man!
It's not the time to be immersed
in observation!
We only have an hour left!
Let's look for the cafeteria.
Yeah.
What do you think, old man?
Don't you remember the scenery around here?
This area has changed a lot from 50
years ago.
One hour left.
I can't find it.
After all, I decided to take my memories
back to Paris as a memory.
We still have 10 minutes!
I won't give up!
I can't stand giving up!
I can't find a single or two
shops!
The police are waiting for me!
Damn it!
I've been thinking about my first love
for 50 years.
I wanted to meet her.
It's okay.
This is also fate.
That tree!
I found it!
Look at this shop.
It's just like the picture.
It hasn't changed at all.
Now, let's go meet my first love.
Wait a minute.
What's wrong, old man?
She's probably married and has a family.
I don't want to visit her all
of a sudden.
What are you talking about?
Come on, let's go.
But...
If you can't open it, I'll
open it.
Come on.
Open it.
Hurry up and open it!
Misaki...
Taki...
You're Taki, aren't you?
Yes.
It's been a long time.
Yes, it's been a long time.
Taki...
The picture is still in the shop.
What?
You took good care of it.
This picture is my treasure.
Thank you, Misaki.
Senior, look at him.
He looks so happy.
Yes.
We police officers work hard for the smiles
of the citizens.
Police officers are a great job, aren't
they?
By the way, old man, how much will
you give me?
Senior...
Thanks to you, I made a good memory.
Please take this as a thank you.
Thank you.
Well, I'm leaving now.
Thank you for your help.
Take care.
Goodbye.
Let's go home.
Are you going again?
I'm not happy or anything.
I got a terrible picture like this.
Hey, young man.
I'll take this picture.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
Let's go.
Taki, Jotaro...
Is the Ferrari broken?
Not at all.
We still have a lot of cars.
Do you have a lot of money?
Yes.
I have about 400 trillion yen.
400 trillion yen?
Let's get along well.
Ryo-chan.
It's a big deal.
You saw the old man on the Ferrari,
didn't you?
Yes, that old man?
No kidding.
He was a world-famous painter.
That's the old man.
Is he such a famous painter?
One picture costs at least 100 million yen.
100 million yen?
Hey, Ryo-chan.
I'll ask you later.
My 100 million yen.
I thought of something amazing.
I'll sell ramen on the earth.
It's a flying convenience store.
No one can think of such a great
idea.
Ryoichi Kankichi is a
great genius.
Next on Daihanjo!
The Flying Convenience Store Please
laugh.
You're not bad.
Please laugh.
Keep it up.
Smile all the time.
A woman who pees is not beautiful.
You're not a child.
You should smile right away.